Browder, William (Bill)
Founder of Hermitage Capital Management who lobbied in favor of the Magnitsky Act, which imposed financial and travel sanctions on Russian officials.

Baranov, Andrey
Director of investor relations at Russian state-owned oil company, Rosneft, and associate of Carter Page.

McCord, Mary
Acting Assistant Attorney Genera l (Oct. 2016- May 2017).

Prikhodko, Sergei
First deputy head of the Russian Government Office and former Russian deputy prime minister. In January 2016, he invited candidate Trump to the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum.

Boyd, Charles
Chairman of the board of directors at the Center for the National Interest, a U.S.-based think tank with operations in and connections to Russia.

Ledgett, Richard
Deputy director of the Nationa l Security Agency (Jan.2014-Apr. 2017); present when President Trump called Michael Rogers on March 26, 2017.

Costello, Robert
Attorney who represented he had a close relationship with Rudolph Giuliani , the President's personal counsel.

Katsyv, Denis
Son of Peter Katsyv; owner of Russian company Prevezon Holdings Ltd. and associate of Natalia Veselnitskaya.

Kelly, John
White House chief of staff (July 2017 - Jan.2019) .

Van der Zwaan, Alexander
Former attorney at Skadden , Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP; worke d with Paul Manafort and Rick Gates.

Luff, Sandra
Legislative director for Senator Jeff Sessions; attended a September 2016 meeting between Sessions and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

Kaveladze, IrakJi (Ike)
Vice president at Crocus Group and Aras Agalarov's deputy in the United States. He participated in the June 9, 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Nata lia Veselnitskaya and Trump Campaign officials.

Rybicki, James
FBI chiefofstaff(May 2015- Feb. 2018).

Rozov, Andrei
Chairman of LC. Expert Investment Company, a Russian real-estate development corporation that signed a letter of intent for the Trump Tower Moscow project in 2015.

Zakharova , Maria
Director of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affair's Information and Press Department who received notification of Carter Page's speech in July 2016 from Denis Klimentov.

Hawker, Jonathan
Public relations consultant at FTI Consulting; worked with Davis Manafort International LLC on public relation s campaign in Ukraine.

Dvoskin, Evgeney
Executive of Genbank in Crimea and associate of Felix Sater.

Holt, Lester
NBC News anchor who interviewed President Trump on May 11, 2017.

Ushakov, Yuri Viktorovich
Aide to Vladimir Putin and former Russian ambassador to the United States; identified to the Presidential Transition Team as the proposed channel to the Russian government.

Kobyakov, Anton
Advisor to Vladimir Putin and member of the Roscongress Foundation who invited candidate Trump to the St. Petersburg International Econom ic Forum.

Gerson, Richard (Rick)
New York hedge fund manager and associate of Jared Kushner. During the transition period, he worked with Kirill Dmitriev on a proposal for reconciliation between the United States and Russia.

Ivanov, Sergei
Special representative of Vladimir Putin, former Russian deputy prime minister, and former FSB deputy director. In Janua ry 2016, Michael Cohen emailed the Kremlin requesting to speak to Ivanov.

Caputo, Michael
Trump Campaign advisor.

Katsyv, Peter
Russian businessman and father of Denis Katsyv .

Yates, Sally
Acting Attorney General (Jan. 20, 2017 - Jan. 30, 2017); Deputy Attorney General (Jan. 10, 2015 - Jan. 30, 2017).

Yatsenko, Sergey
Deputy chief financial officer of Gazprom, a Russian state-owned energy company, and associate of Carter Page.

Weber, Shlomo
Rector of the New Economic School (NES) in Moscow who invited Carter Page to speak at NES commenceme nt in July 2016.

Flynn, Michael G. (a/k/a Michael Flynn Jr.)
Son of Michael T. Flynn, National Security Advisor (Jan. 20, 2017-Feb. 13, 2017).

Malloch, Theodore (Ted)
Chief executive officer of Global Fiduciary Governance and the Roosevelt Group. He was a London-based associate of Jerome Corsi.

Khalilzad, Zalmay
U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and former U.S. ambassador. He met with Senator Jeff Sessions during foreign policy dinners put together through the Center for the National Interest.

Clapper, James
Director of National Intelligence (Aug. 2010 - Jan. 2017). a

Aslanov, Dzheykhun (Jay)
Head of U.S. department of the Internet Research Agency, which engaged in an "active measures" social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Foresman, Robert (Bob)
Investment banker who sought meetings with the Trump Campaign in spring 2016 to discuss Russian foreign policy, and after the election met with Michael Flynn.

Ledeen, Michael
Member of the Presidential Transition Team who advised on foreign policy and national secur ity matters.

Phares, Walid
Foreign policy advisor to the Trump Campaign and co-secre tary general of the Transatlantic Parliamentary Group on Counterterrorism (TAG).

Patten, William (Sam) Jr.
Lobbyist and business partner of Konstantin Kilimnik.

Papadopoulos, George
Foreign policy advisor to the Trump Campaign who received information from Joseph Mifsud that Russians had "dirt" in the form of thousands of Clinton emails. He pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contact with Mifsud.

Brand, Rachel
Associate Attorney General (May 2017 - Feb. 2018).

Boyko, Yuriy
Member of the Ukrainian political party Opposition Bloc and member of the Ukrainian parliament.

Sanders, Sarah Huckabee
White House press secretary (July 2017 - present).

Ivanov, Igor
President of the Russian International Affairs Council and former Russian foreign minister. Ivan Timofeev told George Papadopoulos that Ivanov advised on arranging a "Moscow visit" for the Trump Campaign.

Stone, Roger
Advisor to the Trump Campaign REDACTED:HARM_TO_ONGOING_MATTER

Timofeev, Ivan
Director of programs at the Russian International Affairs Council and program director of the Valdai Discussion Club who comm unicated in 2016 with George Papadopoulos, attempting to arrange a meeting between the Russian government and the Trump Campaign.

Glassner, Michael
Political director of the Trump Campaign who helped introduce George Papadopoulos to others in the Trump Campaign.

Burck, William
Personal attorney to Don McGahn, White House Counsel.

McCabe, Andrew
Acting director of the FBI (May 2017 - Aug. 2017); deputy director of the FBI (Feb. 2016 - Jan. 2018).

Medvedcv, Dmitry
Prime Minister of Russia.

Boyarkin, Viktor
Employee of Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.

Poliakova, Elena
Personal assistant to Dmitry Peskov who responded to Michael Cohen's outreach about the Trump Tower Moscow project in January 2016.

Burchik, Mikhail
Executive director of the Internet Research Agency, which engaged in an "active measures" social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Corallo, Mark
Spokesman for President Trump's personal legal team (June 2017 - July 2017).

Rosenstein, Rod
Deputy Attorney General (Apr. 2017 - present); Acting Attorney General for the Russian election interference investigation (May 2017 - Nov. 2018).

Futerfas, Alan
Outside counsel for the Trump Organization and subsequently personal counsel for Donald Trump Jr.

Lavrov, Sergey
Russian minister of foreign affairs and former permanent representative of Russia to the United Nations.

Burt, Richard
Former U.S. ambassador who had done work Alfa-Bank and was a board member of the Center for the National Interest.

Polonskaya, Olga
Russian national introduced to George Papadopoulos by Joseph Mifsud as an individual with connections to Vladimir Putin.

Gistaro, Edward
Deputy Director of National Intelligence for Intelligence Integration .

Gordon, Jeffrey (J.D.)
National security advisor to the Trump Campaign involved in changes to the Republican party platform and who communicated with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at the Republican National Convention.

Smith, Peter
Investment banker active in Republican politics who sought to obta in Hillary Clinton emails during the 2016 U.S. presidential campai gn period.

Akhmetshin, Rinat
U.S. lobbyist and associate of Natalia Veselnitskaya who attended the June 9, 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Veselnitskaya and Trump Campaign officials.

Krickovic, Andrej
Professor at the Higher School of Economics who recommended that Carter Page give a July 2016 commencement address in Moscow.

Rasin, Alexei
Ukrainian associate of Henry Oknyansky who claimed to possess derogatory information regarding Hillary Clinton.

Veselnitskaya, Natalia
Russian attorney who advoca ted for the repeal of the Magnitsky Act and was the principal speaker at the June 9, 2016 meeting at Trump Tower with Trump Campaign officials.

Simes, Dimitri
President and chief execut ive officer of the Center for the National Interest.

Aven, Petr
Chairman of the board of Alfa-Bank who attempted outreach to the Presidential Transition Team in connection with anticipated post-ele ction sanctions.

Peskov, Dmitry
Deputy chief of staff of and press secretary for the Russian presidential administration.

Boente, Dana
Acting Attorney General (Jan. 2017 - Feb. 2017); Acting Deputy Attorney General (Feb. 2017 - Apr. 2017).

Landrum, Pete
Advisor to Senator Jeff Sessions who attended the September 2016 meeting between Sessions and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.

Pinedo, Richard
U.S. person who pleaded guilty to a single-count information of identity fraud .

Miller, Matt
Trump Campaign staff member who was present at the meeting of the Nationa l Security and Defense Platform Subcommittee in July 2016.

Muller-Maguhn, Andrew
Member of hacker association Chaos Computer Club and associate of Julian Assange, founder of WikiLeaks.

Rogers, Michael
Director of the National Security Agency (Apr. 2014 - May 2018).

Krylova, Aleksandra
Internet Research Agency employee who worked on "act ive measures" social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election; traveled to the United States under false pretenses in 2014.

Fabrizio, Anthony (Tony)
Partner at the research and consulting firm Fabrizio, Lee & Associates. He was a pollster for the Trump Campaign and worked with Paul Manafort on Ukraine-related polling after the election.

Podesta, John Jr.
Clinton campaign chairman whose email accou nt was hacked by the GRU . WikiLeaks released his stolen emails during the 2016 campaign.

Bogacheva, Anna
Internet Research Agency employee who worked on "active measures" social media campaign to interfere in in the 2016 U.S. presidential election; traveled to the United States under false pretenses in 2014.

Heilbrunn, Jacob
Editor of the Nat ional Interest , the periodical that officially hosted candidate Trump's April 2016 foreign policy speec h.

Goldstone, Robert
Publicist for Emin Agalarov who contacted Donald Trump Jr. to arrange the June 9, 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Natalia Veselnitskaya and Trump Campaign officials.

Klokov, Dmitry
Executive for PJSC Federal Grid Company of Unified Energy System and former aide to Russia's minister of energy . He communicated with Michael Cohen about a possible meet ing between Vladimir Putin and candidate Trump.

Magnitsky, Sergei
Russian tax specialist who alleged Russian government corruption and died in Russian police custody in 2009. His death prompted passage of the Magnitsky Act, which imposed financial and travel sanctions on Russian officials.

Gorkov, Sergey
Chairman of Vnesheconombank (VEB), a Russian state-owned bank, who met with Jared Kushner during the transition period.

Melnik, Yuriy
Spokesperson for the Russian Embassy in Washington , D.C., who connected with George Papadopoulos on social media.

Samochornov, Anatoli
Translator who worked with Nata lia Veselnitskaya and attended a June 9, 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Veselnitskaya and Trump Campaign officials.

Vaino, Anton
Chief of staff to Russian president Vladimir Putin.

Podobnyy, Victor
Russian intelligence officer who interacted with Carter Page while operating inside the United States; later charged in 2015 with conspiring to act as an unregistered agent of Russia.

Netyksho, Viktor
Russian military officer in command of a unit involved in Russian hackand-release operations to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Denman , Diana
Delegate to 2016 Republican National Convention who proposed a platform plank amendment that included armed support for Ukraine.

Oknyan sky, Henry (a/k/a Henry Greenberg)
Florida-based Russian individual who claimed to have derogatory information pertaining to Hillary Clinton. He met with Roger Stone in May 2016.

Porter, Robert
White House staff secretary (Jan. 2017 - Feb. 2018).

Saunders, Paul J.
Executive with the Center for the National Interest who worked on outlines and logistic s of candidate Trump's April 2016 foreign policy speech.

Zayed al Nahyan, Mohammed bin
Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) armed forces.

Dempsey, Michael
Office of Director of National Intelligence official who recalled discussions with Dan Coats after Coats 's meeting with President Trump on March 22, 2017.

Chaika, Yuri
Prosecutor general of the Russian Federation who also maintained a relationship with Aras Agalarov.

Hunt, Jody
Chief of staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions (Feb. 2017 - Oct. 2017).

Klimentov, Dmitri
Brother of Denis Klimentov who contacted Kremlin press secretary Dmitri Peskov about Carter Page's July 2016 visit to Moscow.

Credico, Randolph (Randy)
Radio talk show host who interviewed Julian Assange in 2016. REDACTED:HARM_TO_ONGOING_MATTER

Vargas, Catherine
Executive assistant to Jared Kushner.

Corney, James Jr.
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (Sept. 4, 2013 - May 9, 2017).

Vasilchenko, Gleb
Internet Research Agency employee who engaged in an "active measures " social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Bulatov, Alexander
Russian intelligence official who associated with Carter Page in 2008.

Corsi, Jerome
Author and political commentator who formerly worked for WorldNetDaily and InfoWares. REDACTED:HARM_TO_ONGOING_MATTER

Nader, George
Advisor to the United Arab Emirates's Crown Prince who arranged a meeting between Kirill Dmitriev and Erik Prince during the transition period.

Klimentov, Denis
Employee of the New Economic School who informed high-ranking Russian government officials of Carter Page's July 2016 visit to Moscow.

Bystrov, Mikhail
General director of the Internet Research Agency, which engaged in an "active measures" social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Fishbein, Jason
Attorney who performed worked for Julian Assange and also sent WikiLeaks a password for an unlaunched website PutinTrump.org on September 20, 2016.

Dvorkovich, Arkady
Deputy prime minister of the Russian Federation and chairman of the board of directors of the New Economic School in Moscow. He met with Carter Page twice in 2016.

Mashburn, John
Trump administration official and former policy director to the Trump Campaign.

Shoygu, Sergey
Russian Minister of Defense.

Oganov, Georgiy
Advisor to Oleg Deripaska and a board member of investment company Basic Element. He met with Paul Manafort in Spain in early 2017.

Prigozhin, Yevgeniy
Head of Russian companies Concord Catering and Concord Management and Consulting; supported and financed the Internet Research Agency, which engaged in an "active measures" social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

Kuznetsov, Sergey
Russian government official at the Russian Embassy to the United States who transmitted Vladimir Putin's congratulations to President-Elect Trump for his electora l victory on November 9, 2016 .

Rtskhiladze, Giorgi
Executive of the Silk Road Transatlantic Alliance, LLC who communicated with Cohen about a Trump Tower Moscow proposal.

Mifsud, Joseph
Maltese national and former London-based professor who, immediately after returning from Moscow in April 2016, told George Papadopoulos that the Russians had "dirt" in the form of thousands of Clinton emails.

Erchova, Lana (a/k/a Lana Alexander)
Ex-wife of Dmitry Klokov who emailed Ivanka Trump to introduce Klokov to the Trump Campaign in the fall of 2015.

Raffel, Josh
White House communication s advisor (Apr. 2017 - Feb. 2018).

Kaverzina, Irina
Employee of the internet Research Agency, which engaged in an "active measures" social media campaign to interfere in the 2016 U.S. presidential election .

Ledeen, Barbara
Senate staffer and associate of Michael Flynn who sought to obtain Hillary Clinton emails during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign period.
